c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\AudioInput.exe.config
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\AudioInput.exe
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\AudioInput.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.g.resources
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.exe
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AudioInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\AudioInput.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.exe
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\AudioInput.exe
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\AudioInput.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.g.resources
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\AudioInput.exe.config
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.exe
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.pdb
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\AudioInput.exe
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\AudioInput.pdb
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.g.resources
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\ULSA\FrecInput\AudioInput\obj\Debug\AudioInput.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
